---
layout: page
subheadline: "Creative's Workshop 2020"
title: "Trust Part 1"
teaser: "Who do you trust?"
#header:
#    image_fullwidth: "waiting_raw.jpg"
#    caption: Waiting for the new VRMMO release of Sword Art Online
#    caption_url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sword_Art_Online"
#image:
#    thumb:  thumbnail_waiting.jpg
#    homepage: waiting_raw.jpg
categories:
    - blog/perfecting-your-protagonist
tags:
    - perfecting-your-protagonist
author: Ousikai
show_meta: true
comments: true
---
[quote="mtfallsVR, post:153, topic:27179"]
Day 43: Breakpoint 2
[/quote]

## Pro2 Day 44: Trust Part 1

Joined the student huddle today :open_hands: Met the animated @athenakatsaros and the lively @laurasanto and had a great talk about trust today.

For those that didn't join, here are the quick notes:  
* Scott proposed the question: *who do you trust?* (take a quick pause to muse on this yourself)
* Scott continues: *trust, just like empathy, is one of those things that is easy to practice towards others, but hard to practice within ourselves.*
  *  **As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.**  – [Johann Wolfgang von Goethe](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johann_Wolfgang_Von_Goethe)
* *What does it mean to trust yourself?*
  * Scott gives funny anecdote: *Did you take the Seth Godin Akimbo workshop for learning how to walk as a toddler? No! Your body just knew what it had to do, and you trusted yourself enough to see it through.*

## Where Do We Draw the Line 
*This one's gonna be rough.* :cold_sweat:

> Who Do You Trust?

I am on good terms with a lot of people, maybe even good friends. If I conduct the "good friend" test (*who would I be willing to call in the middle of the night to pick me up after my car breaks down,  **without shame**?*), a couple of names pop up. 

Then I asked myself a harder question: *who would I be willing to cry in front of?*

I drew immediate blanks. I couldn't even put my own name down. 

*Why?*

The ever-logical side of me wanted to stipulate that getting picked up in the middle of the night and getting a shoulder to cry on are two different realities. Two different burdens. Two different trust paradigms. 

But that still didn't answer the question of *why?*

I drew deeper, thinking of instances where I shorted my trust of others, and hilariously the only ones that bubbled up the lake of conscious thought were times I was called out for those very actions. 

*Why didn't you call me? I would have gladly driven you to the airport! Why did you literally go out of your way and take 2 extra hours using public transport?* 

**Because I didn't think you would say yes.**

**Because I didn't want to waste your time and be a burden.**

**Because I didn't want to rely on anyone but myself.** 

*Why do you always go out of your way to help others, but never look to those same people when you're in need?*


**I... don't have an answer for that.**

Damn, these mental deep dives sting. They're opening up emotional wounds I didn't even know I had. 

...I like it though. 
 
These questions were long overdue, and just like my craft, I don't want to stop while I have the momentum going. The worst that can happen... is that I stay exactly where I already am. But what happens when I finally lower the walls down, open the drawbridge of trust, and see who enters? 

Now *that* is a new story worth exploring. 

@dragon @homeroom11 @sabweld @michellebasey