---
layout: page
subheadline: "Tempest Crossing"
title: "The Grand Challenge - Interlude 1"
teaser: "What is your call to action?"
header:
    image_fullwidth: "blog/the-grand-challenge/HEADER-EDIT.png"
    caption: "How can tomorrow ever exist for us if you won't fight for yourself today?"
    caption_url: "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNGNaD5qx00"
image:
    thumb:  blog/the-grand-challenge/THUMB-EDIT.png
    homepage: blog/the-grand-challenge/RAW-EDIT.png
categories:
    - blog/the-grand-challenge
tags:
    - the-grand-challenge
author: Ousikai
show_meta: true
comments: true
---
#### ***[INTERLUDE 1 - LOG START]***
Hi there! My name is [Ousikai][1] and I'm the writer for the ongoing series, the **Grand Challenge**!

Since I've never introduced myself, I figured now would be a great time to start! 

I am an American-born writer [FLAG HERE] with an El Salvadoran heritage [FLAG HERE] who is fascinated with Eastern Storytelling, most notably Japanese Anime [FLAG HERE]. Being at the intersection of three very distinct cultures, I've struggled most of my life identifying which group I should belong to, and thus have been walking at the fringe of all these ideals. 

What especially engages me is the now prevalent digital selves that now stemmed from our physical entities as well. Through the power of instant internet connection and pseudanonomyous avatars, we can now become heroes, villians, and everything in between in digital worlds that have no basis in reality, but could never feel more real to us. 

Why is that? 

Inquisitive to the older generation, the stories they tell seem so foreign and alien to the lives many of us live in today. A simpler time where you would marry the nice boy or girl next door, take on a humbling blue-collar job for your entire working life and still be able to afford a decent car, beautiful house, and raise several children. 

Today, that once humbling dream seems like the stuff of legends only the rich and wealthy can hope to obtain as the world around us continues to crumble around the once large and properopus middle class. 

What is happening? 

I'm not an economist, but stories from the streets begin to echo the despair the current generation is feeling. The jobs work you harder, pay you less, and the cost of living keeps ascending beyond our grasp, and it gets harder and harder to keep going everyday. 

And thus, we turn to the digital world.

For just a brief moment, we can envinsion ourselves in lives not our own. We can pretend for just one second that we live in a place where the person we are is someone noteworthy, that the work we do means something, and the future before us is something positive and not dreadful. Yet, time comes for us all. The clock strikes twelve, the screens and monitors shut off, and all that's left is the blurred reflection of our visage, the physical self in the world we inhabit. The world we inhabit could not be more interconnected, yet we are still alone.

And it's awful.

My age group suffers from a lack of direction for their personal lives, a lack of certainty for the future, and a lack of unity for a place to belong.

Thus, I have dubbed the 20s and 30s aged audience, the *Lost Generation*. 

This setting I have placed before you, is where we are now, and were the **Grand Challenge** begins. 

The **Grand Challenge** begins a bit in the imminent future as various characters from all walks of life in the *Lost Generation* receive a mysterious invitation to a VR Game they have never heard off. In the imminient future, VR Headsets overtake the phone as the primary tool for work, social media, and recreation as the affordable price is offset by the amount of personal day and personal time is put into these devices. Once the characters of the Grand Challenge enter the VR Experience, they find themselves in a world too realistic to be a simple VR game, and are challenged to rise to their own personal calls to action as they face themselves in the world where they are and the people they want to become.

Here are a look at some of the characters that you will meet...
* A software engineer writing nonsenscial code for a company they could care less about
* A retail employee struggling to make ends meet as they painstakingly juggle their degree at community college
* A teacher continually depairing in the cohorts of children they receive 
* A daytime construction worker who is good at many things but can't find a job they can commit themselves too
* A young teenager neglected by their single mom and turns to the digital world for comfort and affirmation
* A recent college graduate struggling to find a well-paying job in their field, and continues to work as a barista in their small-town coffee shop
* An artist who dreams of their works becoming a full-time pursuit, but takes a mind-numbing government job to ensure they can get by in life
* An elderly retiree who lost their spouse a long time ago and now their children as another casualy of the pandemic, and now questions what is the point of going on.

These archetypes are all fascinating for me to write and iterate upon because average working-class adults is an unpopular character type to include in a story: it hits to close to home and many in my generation find themselves in eerily similar situations. 

What my hope in writing the Grand Challenge is discover that the agency in controlling the direction and purpose of your own life has always been before you, and especially when you have a solid group of peers that support and challenge you to ever strive towards the better version of yourself.

Admittedly, I've been putting off this story as I have been trying to get my own agency and direction in life in order, and am happy to share that change is not something that happens overnight: it is a gradual climb up what seemed like an insuromountable and unseeable mountain, but once you take the time to breathe, be okay with not operating at max velocity at all times, and really ask yourselve the hard question of who you want to become, the road before becomes clear, and all you have to do is take the first step that's always been waiting for you. 

The remainder of this month I will flesh a lot of the story direction, character templates, and world building elements I think will be intriguing to write the Grand Challenge, and next month I will enter the Nanowrimo Summer challenge and finish with 50,000 words for the story. I'm crossing my fingers that it will be enough to finish the first major arc of the story, and start sharing it with wider groups as the world continues to develop.

Wow, that was a lot of writing! I hope you've  been engaged with what's to come in the Grand Challenge, and as always thank you for taking the time to read my posts! Our time is invaluable and it means the world to me that you've decided to spent it here.

Now, are you ready to dive back into the story? 

#### ***[INTERLUDE 1 - LOG END]***

[1]: https://ousikai.keybase.pub/