---
layout: page
subheadline: "Creative's Workshop 2020"
title: "Arrival"
teaser: "There are better places to sleep than on the ground, you know."
#header:
#    image_fullwidth: "waiting_raw.jpg"
#    caption: Waiting for the new VRMMO release of Sword Art Online
#    caption_url: "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sword_Art_Online"
#image:
#    thumb:  thumbnail_waiting.jpg
#    homepage: waiting_raw.jpg
categories:
    - blog/tempest-crossing
tags:
    - tempest-crossing
author: Ousikai
show_meta: true
comments: true
---

## Day 30: Arrival

The wind blows over me, and I am asleep. The trees nearby shake delightfully as the leaves rustle and dance on their branches, and the blades of grass bend over in waves as giddy gales glide through the open field. A single cloud passes overhead, and for a brief moment I am at total peace. The serene moment lasts for only but a second, and in the next I am rudely awakened by the sun's rays glaring directly into my face. Slowly I open my eyes and began to focus on what's in front of me, and as my vision clears I see two inquisitive faces starting straight back at me.

"See, I told you she wasn't dead!", said the smaller face who belonged to a young boy no older than fourteen years of age. 

"That's not what you were saying when you were getting worried and wanted to call dad," the other face remarked, belonging to smirking girl slightly older than her male companion. Then the girl turned towards me. 

"Glad to have you with us, princess. There are better places to sleep then on the ground, you know," she continued as she smirked. 

I was about to contest that remark, saying she has some nerve to chastise me when she's completely wrong, but then I realized: *yes, indeed, this is me laying on a field. This **definitely** feels like grass under my palms. But now this begs the question... **why** am I here?*

"Nevermind that. What's your name, friend? What brings you out here to our little old slice of nowhere?"

As soon as intended to reply, my head twanged in pain. The more I tried to think about it, the sharper the pain became. What **was** I doing out here? **Who**... **am I**? 

"I hate to be so rude, but I honestly don't remember. Myself, what I'm doing here, or even what I ate for dinner yesterday, in fact-"

I suddenly clasped my mouth, in shock of what I was saying. I was speaking a language I knew I never learned, and fluently at that! What the heck is going on here?

"Weird... anyway, you don't seem like you mean us any harm, so I guess we'll take this chance to introduce ourselves. My name is Araceli, and this is my little brother, Teyo. We live over by the edge of the field, and we'd love to have you over for dinner. We don't get too many guests out here, and we'd love to chat you up while you start to... *ahem* ... recollect and recompose yourself. We can start with what you're wearing, like what the heck are those garbs? "

I quickly glanced down, looked at my new friends, and back down at myself again, and realized how EMBARRASSINGLY different I looked compared to them! While they were wearing humble country clothing, I was out here pretending to be some sort of wizard! Why did I even let myself leave the house like this? Well, maybe I used to live in a house, I don't quite to seem to remember that far back anyway. 

"Sure, I would be more than honored to take up your offer," I gleamed with my brightest smile.

"Ooh! Ooh! A new special guest? Do you think dad will let us set up *the special meal*?", Teyo glanced excitedly at his sister. 

"I don't see why not. Come on, let's get you out of the sun and introduce you to the rest of the fam!" 

@homeroom11 @dragon @rolandkoronya @lainastanford  @michellebasey